last year a hundred million people tuned
in live to miss world
more viewers than for the moon landings
or the world cup
final beautiful darling
mom don't you and your sisters used to
love
playing this world i also like to eat
our own snot
we really believe beauty isn't just skin
deep
the girls also have charm grace goods
deportments
swimsuits
miss world rehearsals are underway i'm
the first
black south african to take part i'm the
first miss grenada
ladies and gentlemen mr bob the last
time
bob guested on this show he brought the
winning girl home with him
they're turning oppression into
spectacle let's make a spectacle of her
own
we'd infiltrate the theater
we've just been smirking and watching
like in a heist film
if i win there would be little girls who
might start to believe they have a place
in the world
we're black we're not going to be in
this world
you don't want me i don't want you to
think i'm some kind of brute that
doesn't consider the feelings of women i
consider feeling women all the time
forget this
[Music]
this competition makes us compete with
each other and makes the world narrower
for all of us in the end
why should any woman have to earn her
place in the world by looking a
particular way
you don't he doesn't why should we
[Music]